Targeting Poultry
Before we continue, a review of what we
know and don’t know would be helpful.
We know that Ajla connects to the internal
network via the database server Zora.
We also just learned that
within the internal network,
a share is mounted to Zora from
another computer named Poultry.
We have a suspicion that Poultry
is running Windows,
but we are not sure of that yet.
We also found credentials for a user
within the sandbox domain.
This means that a domain controller
should exist somewhere.
Before attempting to use the
discovered credentials,
we will first enumerate Poultry to
discover what our next step should be.